Hello again. In this demo I'm going
to show you how bot will look like.
This is just a demo from
Microsoft Healthcare Part.
So you need to open this URL.
After this you will be coming to
this page and we gonna click.
Try demo for an end user experience.
So I click there so the bot will open.
So this is how if you implement
a conversation AI the bot
will open like this and.
Once you, you can chat with the bot,
so this is a health care.
So it will.
It will diagnose me if I have any issues.
Let's say I'm having a fever,
so let's start conversation with the pot.
So one thing more and more knowledge
based questions you have in the bot.
More and more beneficial for you.
So let's say in this I
put high the bot says hi.
How can I help you?
If I say, how are you?
So the part will say that,
OK, uh, I'm good, I'm great.
Thanks for asking, but let's say if I say.
Hi how are you? In a combination.
So let's say, let's see what it says.
Sorry, sorry. It seems I can't answer
this so see I ask the same thing.
It's because that we should have
a lot of knowledge base so we
can have that in your response.
So. So let us check with this.
So let's say I'm I'm having a fever,
so I'll say fever. I said fever.
So this says that if there are any
other symptoms then let us know,
or if no then press none.
So I'm just entering none that
I don't have anything.
I'm just having a fever.
So there's a conversation is
going on between the bot and me.
So this part is asking me
how much fever I have.
There is a normal fever like it's in 100
degree Celsius Fahrenheit, so I said this.
So he's asking a throat.
Nope, I don't have any throat
infection or sore throat.
So if vomiting or anything I said no,
I don't have anything vomiting and
all cough a little bit off, yeah?
So, uh, once it diagnose,
it gives the medicine medicine to
me or like give any recommendation
that what should I do?
It's a less than three week,
it's just 2-3 days old,
so I said that this thing.
So yeah,
it's it's like Witkoff will
say that it's a bit curve.
Let's see with the bot has to say so see
it is checking his the question page base.
So based on the question based,
the answer is coming up and we
want to build this in this demo.
Off in the fourth module.
OK, so so we don't have this information,
so I just click on submit.
Yeah, yes, it's asking me something.
Then I'm just giving him him answer so
that it can give me an analysis report.
So.
This is a report generated by the bot.
For me,
these are the symptoms I have and this
suggested to meet me a doctor for today.
This is the possible symptoms.
I there's a possible thing that can have.
So this is also very beneficial.
This report can immediately be given to
the doctors so that the the the doctor
will not be asking these questions again.
This will again reduce their time
and help us to be more productive.
The doctors can be more productive.
They already had this information
which I have shared,
and now again take this report.
A print out of this report and give it to
the doctor so that analysis can be done.
So this is how backboard will
work and this is how artificial
intelligence is helping in this spot.
Thank you will continue to the
next module in the next video.
Thank you.